Add one more layer - 'general' (#7)
railsware/mailtrap-php: README.md

use Mailtrap\EmailHeader\CategoryHeader;
use Mailtrap\EmailHeader\CustomVariableHeader;
use Mailtrap\Helper\ResponseHelper;
use Mailtrap\MailtrapClient;
use Symfony\Component\Mime\Address;
use Symfony\Component\Mime\Email;
use Symfony\Component\Mime\Header\UnstructuredHeader;

require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

> $mailTrap = new MailtrapClient(

Reviewer: btw we don't use this capitalization, it should be `$mailtrap`

>     new Config('23...YOUR_API_KEY_HERE...4c') // your API toke from here https://mailtrap.io/api-tokens

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    new Config(getenv('MAILTRAP_API_KEY')) // your API toke from here https://mailtrap.io/api-tokens
```
To show how it will be en real life. Or even extract api key to separate variable. And same below
